https://catchenglish.ru/topiki/dlya-detej.html

перепечатать все тексты
1. My name is ______. I am eight.I go to school. I am a pupil of the second form. I live in Moscow. I have got a big and
friendly family. And I have got a lot of friends.

2 There are wild and domestic animals. Wild animals live in the forest or in the zoo. Some animals are dangerous. A fox,
a wolf, a bear, a hare. a tiger, an elephant are wild animals. Domestic animals live at home or at the Farm. They are dogs
cats, rabbits, cows, horses, parrots. Animals that we have at home are called pets.

3.  I am nine years old. I love all holidays. Birthday is my favourite holiday. My birthday is on the fifth of May.
I usually have a party on this day. I invite my friends. we have much fun during the party. We eat cakes, sweets and ice
cream. We play games . I get a lot of presents on this day.

4.I like to read very much. reading is my hobby. I have got a lot of books at home. I like to read books for children.
I like to read short stories about animals and fairy tales. My favourite fairy tale is Cinderella.

5. My mother cooks for our family. She cooks breakfast, dinner and supper. For breakfast i like to eat sandwiches and tea
or milk. I like to drink apple or orange juice. I also like to eat chicken and potatoes. I like a salad with tomatoes and
cucumbers. I eat fruit and vegetables. They are good for us

6.Childrean can have different hobbies. Some children collect toys or postcards, some children like to read or play.
My hobby is reading. I like to read books for children. I also like to go for walks in the park. I usually make pictures when
i walk. Making photos is my hobby, too.

7. I like holidays. They are funny. The holidays are new Year, Women's Day, Victory Day, Chrismas, Easter, Independence
Day. These holidays are important for people. Birthday is my favourite holiday. I get a lot of presents on my birthday.
I always invite my friends for my birthday. We have much fun.

8.My mother works a lot. She comes home very tired. I love  her and i help her. I clean my room. I wash the dishes after
dinner. Sometimes i go shopping to buy bread and milk. On Sundays i help my mother to cook

9. I live in a big city. There is a wonderul 200 in my city. I ike to go there with my parents. There are a lot of funny
animals in it. they are elephants, lions, crocodiles, giraffes, monkeys, tigers and others. There are a lot of different
birds, too. Lion is my favourite animal. It is the king of animals. I like to go the zoo very much.

10.Moscow is the capital of Russia. It is a big and beautiful city. It stands on the moskva river. There are wide, long
streets and high buildings in it Moscow is a very green city. There are a lot of parks in it. Many people like to come
to Moscow. They visit its sights. I am very proud of the capital of my  country.

11. I get up at seven o'clock. Then I wash myself, put on my clothes and have breakfast. After breakfast I go to school.
I usually have four or five lessons at school. I come home at one o'clock. Then I have dinner. I eat soup, chicken or fish
and potatoes. After dinner do my homework. In the evening i read or watch TV . I go to bed at nine o'clock.

12.I stady a lot of subjects at school. I study Mathematics, Russian, English, Arts, and music. English is my favourite
subject. Our English lessons are very interesting. We learn new words and write exercises. We read texts and translate
them. We play games and tell dialogues. I love English and i want to be an english teacher.

13. I have got a big family. I have  mother, a father, a sister, and a grandmother. My mother is young and beautiful.
her name is Elena Petrovna. My father is young too. His name is Oleg Ivanovich. My sisters is four and she doesn't go
to school yet. My grandmother's name is Olga Semenovna, she is very kind. I love my family very much.

14.We live in a flat. Our flat is not very big. It is very clean and comfortable. There are two rooms in our flat.
There is also a kitchen and a bathroom. In the living-room there is a sofa, a TV a bookcase a cofee table and two armchairs
In my room there is a bed, a desk a wardrobe and a shelf. I love my flat very much.

15. I have got a lot of friends. They are my classmates. We go to school together in the morning. And we return home
together after classes. We like to play. We play different games. Igor is my best friend. He is very kind and merry.